
## Examples

### Human

---

  
Script writers, story tellers.

### Centaur

---

**Netflix**  
Content generation team uses big data to determine preferences of key demographics. Series have their themes, actors and story arcs suggested by algorithm. ([More](https://www.google.com/url?q=http://www.smartdatacollective.com/bernardmarr/312146/big-data-how-netflix-uses-it-drive-business-success&sa=D&ust=1520942289078000&usg=AFQjCNEfgySrZJwE3oxQXDpRH6vdNq3DNg))

### Machine

---

  
Big data on user behavior and quantified content metrics.






-   Spotify Discover Weekly
-   Amazon Fulfillment Centers
-   Netflix Recommendations
-   Formula-1
-   Voice Assistants
-   DaVinci Surgery
-   Uber (Marketplace)
-   Electronic Music



#### Extended Examples (Source?)

-   _Being a centaur in the workplace_ means taking advantage of the vast analytical capabilities of AI-enabled technology and adding human thinking. The applications for the centaurmodel in the workplace are potentially endless, but here are a few example fields that are well-suited for the combination of deep analysis and human creativity:
-   _Security and network planning_: The volume of cyber attacks will continue to grow and AI will become increasingly necessary in threat analysis. However, attackers will always be creative, launching non-computerized vectors to compromise business networks. This is why humans will be necessary to prompt machines toward new ways of keeping creative attackers at bay.
-   _Visual arts and music_: Collaboration will replace the linear nature of artistic creation that we think of today. Two different algorithmic versions of a music program could give a human enough content to combine the two and generate an entirely new genre. Or, like Google’s Deep Dream, humans can input seeds of information for machines to generate artistic products.
-   _Film and television_: There are enough test cases for us to truly understand what a well-framed scene looks like. Teaching a machine how to essentially direct means filmmakers can set up scenes in VR and focus more on storytelling and creative connections than the minute details of production.
-   _Architecture and product design_: Function over form has dominated each of these fields. However, leaving a machine to design based on function over form might have us living in buildings that are just white boxes. However, IoT sensors can teach machines how we interact with our environments to learn exactly what people need in terms of function, leaving humans to balance function with form — spending more time on the art and less on the details.
-   _Software engineering_: Development is often thought to be a non-creative discipline, but the best software code is also the most creative. The best developers of tomorrow willdirect computers on a certain problem, examine the output and continue to redirect machines until they have new ways to solve old problems.